{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Measurement replicated from Hinde, Robert A., and L. A. Barden. 1985. \'91The Evolution of the Teddy Bear\'92. Animal Behaviour 33 (4): 1371\'9673. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0003-3472(85)80205-0.\
\
Pictures from the \'ab\'a0Les arts d\'e9coratifs museum\'a0\'bb database, available at http://collections.lesartsdecoratifs.fr.\
\
Measurement were made using Gimp measurement tools. Calibrating measurement were made from real life teddy bears.\
\
Picture_Name : Name of the picture in the database.\
Year: Year on manufacture.\
IRL : Measured in person, in cm. Only applies to a few bears, named Teddy_X.\
M1 : First computer measure, using gimp measuring tool, in pixels.\
M2 : Second computer measure, using gimp measuring tool, in pixels.\
M1 and M2 were measured by different person.\
eyes_to_crown : eyes to crown measure.\
eyes_to_base_of_head : eyes to base of head measure.\
ratio_1 : ratio of eyes_to_crown divided by eyes_to_base_of_head.\
angle : estimated orientation of the teddy bear from the axis of the camera, in radian.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 tip_of_snout_to_back_of_head : tip of snoot to back of head measure. Not available for all teddy bears due to inadapted pictures.\
corrected_tip_of_snout_to_back_of_head : tip_of_snout_to_back_of_head divided by cosine(angle), in order to correct the orientation of the bear.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 top_of_head_to_base : top of head to base measure. Not available for all teddy bears due to unadapted pictures.\
ratio_2 : ratio of tip_of_snout_to_back_of_head by top_of_head_to_base.\
\
Comments : The difference in measurement between the two measurements for the first ratio is centered around 0. The difference in measurement between the two measurements for the seconde ratio indicates a very high amount of noises. IRL calibration shows measuring ratio 2 using pictures is quite inaccurate, whereas measuring ratio 1 is satisfactory.\
\
Pictures are available at https://github.com/KermitTheStarlord/Teddy_Bears_SOCSCI201/}